the sport given today is coming to an end but before we go to the studio of
a serious man who is the fifth most voted
fortress as a commentator for the vitor valim program was elected with 1 since 1996
votes that shows that you want the viewer that the voter believes in
professionals who make the city tv this expressive vote proves that
television is serious and you at home know it
They are his name, Caesar, where I will speak to Vitor Valim.
who returns to the program elected in the arms of the people to make a mistake to fuck
good afternoon
during the program the sef the promotion of the gold medal of the medal of
tin that will encourage the mandavid population to certain greater interactivity
because the sports program
real fight is doing its best to interact and yes
with viewer staying at home I'll pass the programmer to you as well
I want you to say that with the home audience what it feels like
to return the program being the only alderman of the councilor of television who
You got in there and now you're working on the camera.
First, I wanted to thank God for this opportunity to
public life
to join the municipal parliament, only to thank God.
so 90 days of campaign and 90 days in peace and tranquility we propose
fortress knows that I walked a pure satiation
there are 296 votes
to every fortress hitherto overcome in strength, I am not a
councilor of spleen alderman of fortress then I want to thank God and all
how do employees work as many other employees a team
strengthens no one comes to the club alone no one stays in power alone
arrives by the hand of the people has with the people have to stay in the power that associate
and this is the meaning of public life is served I do not know if they lived
civic
this is what the recent bad performance in the heart
to do good and that is what I will seek to do the public life that I
I want to be good for my children. I'm going to look for your children, what I
I think about the things that got my attention and that it has to be
municipality a public health issue that are drugs the municipality
have to make this contribution to the state of Ceará to have a
attraction of drug users here in Fortaleza because it is a health case
public and needs to be treated with other eyes the closer the power
public is lacking in strength and delay the dams have broken in
summoned the fish is an alley of dust that these flags will not forget
was not of the treason by the police we will continue fighting for the ball are of
fortress in these favored ways and thank for and militancy read
of the areas the cardozo juriti optical family I will not speak names here than I
I'm afraid I'll miss the ninth with someone.
and whether this is true or not
say the name of this person who both collaborated with the unicamp then only
I have to thank you in particular for this citizen who makes you come back
member vitor valim qs journalistic independence in this clear way that
spoke to the population of fortress is our present group black city lives
because I think he has to give all the credit for it because he leaves the
reporters or I know any TV journalist free city to speak what
has to say what he thinks for the sake of the population then vitor valim
tele-assistance to voting by which the given cities and that both I and
Edson Silva Speaking to defend you stay at home then congratulations
Miguel, this victory is also mine, and it's only a
gave an offer on the tip of the tongue for the first pronouncement
is our goal said the following
oo jf jf costs 90 million per pure in suriname for fortress the cleaning of garbage
It costs the same
So, you're married to the city trash it's dirty the same thing if
marrying jr
then you have to put the student so that's where the thing should be because
you never know if you're going to ask for a contract
the company that has with the city
to know if the thing is being done correctly the second time more
with agents with the human being
so it's wrong if you spend more with the trash
of time jf that death row so you in this fight continued you
already enters with the sword in the hand
For sure my name on behalf of everyone on tv Guard City Congratulations
they thank you for the work they forced to make a fight for the fans
why police
there were military police officers